you can believe or not believe the
fortune teller who reads your palms
and claims to know your future but the
shape of your palm
is sure to describe your personality
palms with short fingers are a sign of a
stubborn person
wait how short if the palms look square
and fingers are quite short
it means the person is extremely
responsible and there's nothing they
value more than stability and security
they also tend to be quite calm and down
to earth
well thank you the rectangular palm
together with quite
long fingers they should be of equal
length with the palm itself
gives away an outgoing person who's
great at making social contacts
they're good at all kinds of interaction
but sometimes
they may take certain things too
personally
the oblong palm with long fingers is a
sign of a romantic person
these people are creative and have good
imagination
they're also quite flexible one of their
downsides is that sometimes they're just
a bit too sensitive
the width of your face can say a lot
about you too
the wider your cheekbones and your face
in general are
the more testosterone you may have
testosterone is known to make people
somewhat more aggressive
so beware people with whiter cheekbones
can probably get mad at you
faster than those who have a narrow face
alright it's not that people have white
cheekbones or angry and stuff
but they probably won't blow the
conflict off
these people are actually genetically
programmed to deal with more conflicts
than others
there's also an interesting scientific
fact behind it
the cappuccin monkeys actually do have a
hierarchy
in accordance with the width of their
face the logic is
if a monkey has a wide face it's more
likely to be on top of the hierarchy
and vice versa to see if you got a wide
face
you can count the distance between your
ears and the height between the tops of
the eyes
and the tops of the lips usually the
width to height proportion is about two
face proportions can also say how
confident you are
it's all about the correlation between
the width of your face
and its length the wider the face is the
more confident the person
if the face is 60 or less as wide as
it's long
it may be a sign of natural cautiousness
if your face shape is round it may be a
sign that you're
generous giving and kind-hearted this
good characteristic has a downside
though
these people are often unhappy in a
relationship
because they don't get what they want
but the partner is usually their main
priority
if the face is long and the cheekbones
are somewhat wider than the jaw
the face shape is oval these people are
perfect at communication with others
and they know exactly what to say to
anyone to make them feel good and
comfortable
people whose face has a wide forehead
and a quite
narrow chin aka a heart-shaped face
have incredible inner power if they set
goals
they do their best to achieve the
desired result
no wonder it has a drawback these people
can be stubborn at times
triangular face shape is often a sign of
driven people who are always in charge
they like to be on top of things these
people are self-organized
and this often makes them very
successful diamond face shape
is when you've got wider cheekbones but
both your forehead and your chin are
quite narrow
these people are the best workers they
pay a lot of attention to detail
and that's why most of the time the work
they do is of good quality
they are very direct and they always say
what they think
another curious thing about your
forehead are the lines
the so-called solar line is placed right
in the center of your forehead
the more prominent it is the stronger
personality you have
people with this line are usually full
of energy and can often be successful
now our features often say a lot but so
do our gestures
a study revealed that the side of the
face we prefer the when we turn to the
camera
can determine some features of our
personality
people who like precision and are quite
good at math engineering or chemistry
usually have the right cheek forward
creative people
especially artists tend to expose the
left cheek more
they're also more emotional sharp ears
give away a strong personality
these people are usually quite important
in society and are born leaders
wide ears can be a sign that the person
is creative
these people are usually great artists
if you meet someone with fleshy earlobes
remember they're not flexible those with
round ear lobes value people around them
and their relationships people with
small ears are pretty reserved and shy
those who have long and thin ears are
usually said to be quite humble too
extroverts tend to have a protruding
nose and quite full lips
in fact most of their face features are
quite prominent
for example they're said to have bigger
chins and jaws
introverts on the contrary prove to have
a less prominent nose
which is almost pressed against the face
we can tell it from a face
expression if a person is friendly or
not the more distance between the eyes
and eyebrows
the more this person tends to be
reserved it's explained by the fact that
these people have stronger muscles
developed thanks to a surprised facial
expression
they also need quite a lot of personal
space
no shape matters the more a person lies
the longer their nose
nah just kidding in fact a long nose can
probably describe you as a decisive
person
even quite ambitious the longer the tip
of the nose is
the more you seem to think of money and
especially about
saving it people with large noses tend
to be ambitious and pretty
self-confident
and have all the qualities a leader
needs
if you look in the mirror and see
nothing extraordinary about your nose
well probably you're mild tempered as
many other people with average noses
you may not know its name but it
indicates if you have a good sense of
humor or not
the groove that goes down from your nose
to your lips
also known as the philtrum may show if
someone's got a dry sense of humor or
not
look at the person you're talking with
the shorter it is the more careful you
should be with them
they take jokes personally going down
from nose to lips
you'll learn if your opponent is
talkative or not much
just by looking at them people with
fuller lips are outgoing
which can be applied to the way they
talk too they speak a lot and are ready
to make new acquaintances
those who have thin lips are completely
the opposite they're pretty reserved
they're okay with dining with no company
at all
and they can have fun even if they go to
a museum on their own
they're also strong personalities and
can cope with
almost any problem sunken jaw and
eyebrow
betray a not so agreeable person which
is why those who have lifted features
appear to be somewhat friendlier
as they say eyes are the mirror of the
soul
and they reflect everything that's
hidden darker eyes that have more
melanin than
other shades can be a sign of an
effectively working brain
other studies involving over 200
participants
claim that people tend to trust people
with darker eyes more
also those who have darker eyes are said
to be more
charismatic as for blue eyes people who
have them
are said to be quite competitive if the
fold on your eyelids is pretty thick
it may be a sign of a rather analytical
person
people are said to be decisive in case
there is no fold
and the eyelids are quite thin the frame
of your eyes
also known as your eyebrows can say a
lot too
people with a high brow line are said to
be more agreeable
bushy brows and especially a unibrow
betray some facts too
these people are independent and they're
not that much concerned about what
others say about them
no matter if they're natural or over
tweezed or waxed
thin brows may be a sign that the person
isn't quite confident
people with angled brows are emotional
arched brows give away your sensitivity
it can also be a sign that you need more
time than others to get used to new
people around you
as for the fat in your body it's not
that important how much fat you have
the crucial thing is where it is it can
be applied
not only to the face but the whole body
people who have more fat around the hips
and bottom
are usually healthier than those who
have more fat around the waistline
uh-oh our appearance shows more than we
can expect
there's also a so-called dorian gray
effect
it means that people develop certain
face features when they get older
for example some women that had quite
sociable and nice personalities
when they were in their teens get more
attractive physically as they get older
vice versa those who are naturally
attractive but not associable
may lose their beauty with the years our
attitude depends on many factors and so
do our features
one interesting research had the
respondents take photos
while they were wearing their favorite
clothes and favorite colors
surprisingly their features look
different compared to photos with just
some random clothes on
they even look more attractive to others
well there you go